streamlink: add page (#4242)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/streamlink.md

> # Streamlink

Reviewer: It would be best if this was exactly the same as the name of the command.
```suggestion
# streamlink
```

> Extracts streams from various services and pipes them into a video player of choice.
> More information: <https://streamlink.github.io>.

- Attempt to extract streams from the URL specified, and if it's successful, print out a list of available streams to choose from:

`streamlink {{example.com/stream}}`

> - Open a stream with specified quality:

Reviewer: Perhaps this will read better?
```suggestion
- Open a stream with the specified quality:
```

`streamlink {{example.com/stream}} {{720p60}}`

> - Use **best** or **worst** for selecting the highest or lowest available quality:
> 
> `streamlink {{example.com/stream}} {{best}}`

Reviewer: Perhaps this will read better?
```suggestion
- Select the highest or lowest available quality:

`streamlink {{example.com/stream}} {{best|worst}}`
```

> - Specify which player to use with --player to feed stream data to. By default, VLC will be used if it can be found in its default location:

Reviewer: Perhaps this will read better?
```suggestion
- Specify which player to use to feed stream data to (VLC is used default if found):
```

> `streamlink --player=mpv {{example.com/stream}} {{best}}`

Reviewer: Missing token syntax here?
```suggestion
`streamlink --player={{mpv}} {{example.com/stream}} {{best}}`
```

- Specify the amount of time to skip from the beginning of the stream. For live streams, this is a negative offset from the end of the stream (rewind):

`streamlink --hls-start-offset {{[HH:]MM:SS}} {{example.com/stream}} {{best}}`

- Skip to the beginning of a live stream, or as far back as possible:

`streamlink --hls-live-restart {{example.com/stream}} {{best}}`

- Write stream data to a file instead of playing it:

> `streamlink --output {{path/to/file}} {{example.com/stream}} {{best}}`

Reviewer: A minor thing, but is there a default format it writes in? If so, we can reflect that with `path/to/file.mp4` for example if the default was mp4.

Author: It seems that it writes in MPEG transport stream, so I'll add the **.ts** extension.
